The request/response life cycle is actually a tricky one when you look at it.
The big scope of everything that's going on here seems
a little bit overwhelming at first.
We have an incoming request that hits our front controller,
that's just our dispatcher servlet inside of Spring,
and that hands off the request and delegates our request over
to one of the controllers that we've set up.
So the dispatcher is just the router that comes in and says
what controller's going to handle it?
I'm going to delegate this request over to that controller over there.
The controller just routes traffic to where it's supposed to go.
So it says, I'm going to handle that request and hand it over to the back end.
Now our back end could be composed of web services or
a database or multiple databases,
any number of things that we're gathering data from.
And in turn what that does is it hands back a model object to us.
So it creates that model and hands it back.
The model is basically just our data,
what we're trying to represent on our screen.
Once that gets back to the controller, the controller says okay,
I'm going to let somebody else now do the rendering.
And the rendering is separate from the business logic.
So we have this model‑view‑controller design pattern,
and everything is doing its own specified functionality here.
So coming back to the controller, we have our model now,
or our data that we're going to try and represent the UI with.
So we go back to our front controller and it says, oh,
well, now who's going to handle this?
Who's going to render this response?
Let's pass our model down to some view template.
For this course we're going to use JSP,
but we also are going to look at examples using Thymeleaf.
There's many other different technologies that integrate nicely
with Spring MVC as well that you could use.
Once it's gone to our view template, our JSP page,
we're going to return control back to the front controller and
then return back our response to the browser.
Now this whole thing is kind of divided up into three different parts.
We have our model,
so where we get our model created and the data associated with it,
our views, so our representing view, and our controller.
That's where our model‑view‑controller is coming into play with our entire application.